7.2 Final Webpage Guidelines
Your final report should be submitted as a project webpage hosted on GitHub Pages. You can use the
provided template as a starting point: Project Webpage Template, find your own template suitable for
your project or start from scratch entirely. We’ve provided some examples on the course website. The
last commit to your repository must be no later than the deadline. As before, one submission per group
is sufficient. We also ask you to submit your code with proper running instructions (e.g. a ReadMe file)
in a zip file. The ReadMe file should be self-contained: specify the packages to install, their version
numbers, commands on how to run your code to reproduce your results and the file hierarchy with a
description of each file. Please make sure the code is understandable, e.g. through documentation. You
will not be graded on your programming quality, but we need the code for verification and reproduction.
The webpage should contain a comparable amount of material to a 5-page PDF report (excluding references), using a similar number of words. There is no limit on supplementary material such as additional
figures, videos, or interactive demos, but make sure that the main material is provided in the core sections of the webpage.
Please try to organize your webpage in the following suggested way for a better understanding.
• Abstract: Provide a brief description of your problem, approach, and key results.
• Introduction: Describe the problem you are solving, its significance (i.e. why are you solving it?),
and how you solve it. You can organize this section similar to the introduction of your proposal
report while being more concrete and specific.
• Related Work: How is this problem currently solved (if solved)? Discuss the relevant works to your
project and pose your approach against them. Indicate the differences and similarities between
your project and these works as clearly as possible.
• Method: Explain your approach for solving the problem. Justify the design choices you made and
mention other alternatives, if any. Make sure to include figures, diagrams, pseudo-code, etc. to
strengthen your case. It is important that your method is explained in an understandable way for
a fair evaluation.
• Experiments: Discuss your experimental setup in detail. Explain your baselines and justify why
you picked them. Support your results with quantitative and qualitative evaluations comparing
your method to these baselines (e.g. include tables for performance metrics and qualitative figures.). If relevant, perform ablation studies to provide further insight into the inner workings of
your method.
If your project did not work as expected; and you instead managed to systematically invalidate an
apriori sensible hypothesis; that is also a perfectly meaningful contribution. If this is the case,
provide a detailed and sensible analysis that identifies the main modes of failure of your original
hypothesis, discusses their potential reasons, and distills what one can learn from them.
The projects will not be regarded as successful only if they “work"; any project that extracts interesting insights or contributes a signal towards evaluating a meaningful hypothesis will also be regarded as successful. The main evaluation criteria will be the degree of creativity, motivation, and
scientific rigor with which you managed your project (e.g., asking interesting and sensible questions, forming and validating hypotheses in a systematic way using the appropriate baselines),
rather than the end score you obtained on some pre-defined benchmark.
9
• Conclusion and Limitations: Provide a brief summary of and takeaways from your project. Mention the limitations of your method and how they can be solved. Also mention possible future
extensions or other use cases.
• Individual contributions: If it is a group project, include an author contribution section explaining the role of each group member throughout the project. You can refer to this example author
contribution statement to give you an idea.
Additional suggestions:
• Make sure you proofread your webpage (or ask an external person to do it, if possible).
• Take advantage of the webpage format: embed videos, interactive visualizations, or demos directly
where they strengthen your results.
• Visuals (figures, tables, etc.) can be more effective at conveying information than writing. But do
make sure that your visuals are helpful, e.g. include captions that describe and explain the take
home message for your figures and tables, plots are understandable (e.g., with proper labels and
readable font size for axes, etc).
See some examples here (from CS-503 Spring 2023), here, here, here, and here for inspiration.
Best project: After the presentations and submission of the reports and completion of grading, the best
project will be announced. We will honor the best project members with (virtual) registration to their
favorite AI/ML/CV/robotics conference of their choice (NeurIPS, CVPR, CoRL, etc.).
Evaluation criteria: Our grading criteria will be based on the novelty of your project and the scientific
contribution it brings, thoroughness of your experiments and the rigor of your consequent analysis, and
the quality of your delivery and writing. The weights of these aspects will be adjusted based on what
makes sense for each project and to help you – your project does not necessarily have to hit all the marks
to get a full grade, as long as it does what makes sense. For example, an analysis oriented project may
not have a “novel" component, but the analysis will be valuable. Again, if your project did not work as
expected, provide a clear and compelling discussion about why this is the case and what one can learn
from it. Furthermore, please make sure your presentation is well-paced and clearly delivered. A common
issue with students’ presentations is that, to fit in the time limit, they resort to inferior solutions such as
talking fast, going through the slides too quickly, etc. Not being able to understand the presentation
has a significant negative impact. The right way to address the time limit is to distill what should and
shouldn’t be said. Specifically, avoid talking too fast or showing the slide content for a duration less than
it’d be needed to be understood by first time visitors